New Serverless Pattern - EventBridge - S3 - Lambda (#2338)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: eventbridge-s3-lambda/README.md

> # Lambda sending a notification when a new S3 bucket is created

Author: updated

> This pattern creates an automated monitoring system for S3 bucket create events. It defines an EventBridge rule that listens for S3 bucket creation events and triggers a Lambda function. The Lambda function processes the event details and sends a notification to an SNS topic, informing subscribers of the new bucket creation.

Author: updated

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the [AWS Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/) for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.cxom/tutorials/terraform/install-cli?in=terraform/aws-get-started) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
1. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```

>     cd _patterns-model

Reviewer: Update this to the directory you created.

Author: updated

    ```
1. From the command line, initialize terraform to to downloads and installs the providers defined in the configuration:
    ```
    terraform init
    ```
1. From the command line, apply the configuration in the main.tf file:
    ```
    terraform apply
    ```
1. During the prompts
    #var.region
    - Enter a value: {enter the region for deployment}

>     #var.prefix {enter any name to associate with resources}

Reviewer: I was not prompted for this.

Author: updated

    - Enter a value:

## Testing

> 1. After deploying the stack, create a Subscriber for your SNS topic (For ex, your email) and confirm the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After deploying the stack, create a Subscriber for your Amazon SNS topic (For ex, your email) and confirm the subscription.
```

Author: updated

    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-create-subscribe-endpoint-to-topic.html

> 1. You can create a new S3 bucket using the following CLI command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new S3 bucket using the following CLI command
```

Author: updated

    ```
    aws s3api create-bucket --bucket BUCKET_NAME --region REGION_NAME
    ```
    Note: Make sure that the region is same as the region in which you deployed the Terraform code.

> 1. You will see that the Lambda function is invoked and a message is sent to the SNS Topic, which is then received by the subscriber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The event invokes the Lambda function and you will receive an email from the SNS Topic. 
```

Author: updated

> ## Cleanup

Reviewer: Add step to delete the SNS subscription.

Author: updated
